Add support for batched cotangents with adjoint VJP (#4963)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Adjoint differentiation is now supported with `jax.jacobian`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adjoint device VJP's are now supported with `jax.jacobian`.
```
